# ElasticacheCacheCluster
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ARN** | [**String**](string.md) | The ARN (Amazon Resource Name) of the cache cluster. | [optional] [default to null]
**AtRestEncryptionEnabled** | [**Boolean**](boolean.md) | A flag that enables encryption at-rest when set to true.  You cannot modify the value of AtRestEncryptionEnabled after the cluster is created. To enable at-rest encryption on a cluster you must set AtRestEncryptionEnabled to true when you create a cluster.  Required: Only available when creating a replication group in an Amazon VPC using redis version 3.2.6, 4.x or later.  Default: false | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthTokenEnabled** | [**Boolean**](boolean.md) | A flag that enables using an AuthToken (password) when issuing Redis commands.  Default: false | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthTokenLastModifiedDate** | [**String**](string.md) | The date the auth token was last modified | [optional] [default to null]
**AutoMinorVersionUpgrade** | [**Boolean**](boolean.md) | This parameter is currently disabled. | [optional] [default to null]
**CacheClusterCreateTime** | [**String**](string.md) | The date and time when the cluster was created. | [optional] [default to null]
**CacheClusterId** | [**String**](string.md) | The user-supplied identifier of the cluster. This identifier is a unique key that identifies a cluster. | [optional] [default to null]
**CacheClusterStatus** | [**String**](string.md) | The current state of this cluster, one of the following values: available, creating, deleted, deleting, incompatible-network, modifying, rebooting cluster nodes, restore-failed, or snapshotting. | [optional] [default to null]
**CacheNodeType** | [**String**](string.md) | The name of the compute and memory capacity node type for the cluster.  The following node types are supported by ElastiCache. Generally speaking, the current generation types provide more memory and computational power at lower cost when compared to their equivalent previous generation counterparts.     * General purpose: Current generation: M6g node types (available only    for Redis engine version 5.0.6 onward and for Memcached engine version    1.5.16 onward). cache.m6g.large, cache.m6g.xlarge, cache.m6g.2xlarge,    cache.m6g.4xlarge, cache.m6g.8xlarge, cache.m6g.12xlarge, cache.m6g.16xlarge    For region availability, see Supported Node Types (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonElastiCache/latest/red-ug/CacheNodes.SupportedTypes.html#CacheNodes.SupportedTypesByRegion)    M5 node types: cache.m5.large, cache.m5.xlarge, cache.m5.2xlarge, cache.m5.4xlarge,    cache.m5.12xlarge, cache.m5.24xlarge M4 node types: cache.m4.large, cache.m4.xlarge,    cache.m4.2xlarge, cache.m4.4xlarge, cache.m4.10xlarge T3 node types: cache.t3.micro,    cache.t3.small, cache.t3.medium T2 node types: cache.t2.micro, cache.t2.small,    cache.t2.medium Previous generation: (not recommended) T1 node types:    cache.t1.micro M1 node types: cache.m1.small, cache.m1.medium, cache.m1.large,    cache.m1.xlarge M3 node types: cache.m3.medium, cache.m3.large, cache.m3.xlarge,    cache.m3.2xlarge     * Compute optimized: Previous generation: (not recommended) C1 node types:    cache.c1.xlarge     * Memory optimized: Current generation: R6g node types (available only    for Redis engine version 5.0.6 onward and for Memcached engine version    1.5.16 onward). cache.r6g.large, cache.r6g.xlarge, cache.r6g.2xlarge,    cache.r6g.4xlarge, cache.r6g.8xlarge, cache.r6g.12xlarge, cache.r6g.16xlarge    For region availability, see Supported Node Types (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonElastiCache/latest/red-ug/CacheNodes.SupportedTypes.html#CacheNodes.SupportedTypesByRegion)    R5 node types: cache.r5.large, cache.r5.xlarge, cache.r5.2xlarge, cache.r5.4xlarge,    cache.r5.12xlarge, cache.r5.24xlarge R4 node types: cache.r4.large, cache.r4.xlarge,    cache.r4.2xlarge, cache.r4.4xlarge, cache.r4.8xlarge, cache.r4.16xlarge    Previous generation: (not recommended) M2 node types: cache.m2.xlarge,    cache.m2.2xlarge, cache.m2.4xlarge R3 node types: cache.r3.large, cache.r3.xlarge,    cache.r3.2xlarge, cache.r3.4xlarge, cache.r3.8xlarge  Additional node type info     * All current generation instance types are created in Amazon VPC by default.     * Redis append-only files (AOF) are not supported for T1 or T2 instances.     * Redis Multi-AZ with automatic failover is not supported on T1 instances.     * Redis configuration variables appendonly and appendfsync are not supported    on Redis version 2.8.22 and later. | [optional] [default to null]
**CacheNodes** | [**List**](elasticache.CacheNode.md) | A list of cache nodes that are members of the cluster. | [optional] [default to null]
**CacheParameterGroup** | [**elasticache.CacheParameterGroupStatus**](elasticache.CacheParameterGroupStatus.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**CacheSecurityGroups** | [**List**](elasticache.CacheSecurityGroupMembership.md) | A list of cache security group elements, composed of name and status sub-elements. | [optional] [default to null]
**CacheSubnetGroupName** | [**String**](string.md) | The name of the cache subnet group associated with the cluster. | [optional] [default to null]
**ClientDownloadLandingPage** | [**String**](string.md) | The URL of the web page where you can download the latest ElastiCache client library. | [optional] [default to null]
**ConfigurationEndpoint** | [**elasticache.Endpoint**](elasticache.Endpoint.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Engine** | [**String**](string.md) | The name of the cache engine (memcached or redis) to be used for this cluster. | [optional] [default to null]
**EngineVersion** | [**String**](string.md) | The version of the cache engine that is used in this cluster. | [optional] [default to null]
**LogDeliveryConfigurations** | [**List**](elasticache.LogDeliveryConfiguration.md) | Returns the destination, format and type of the logs. | [optional] [default to null]
**NotificationConfiguration** | [**elasticache.NotificationConfiguration**](elasticache.NotificationConfiguration.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**NumCacheNodes** | [**Integer**](integer.md) | The number of cache nodes in the cluster.  For clusters running Redis, this value must be 1. For clusters running Memcached, this value must be between 1 and 40. | [optional] [default to null]
**PendingModifiedValues** | [**elasticache.PendingModifiedValues**](elasticache.PendingModifiedValues.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**PreferredAvailabilityZone** | [**String**](string.md) | The name of the Availability Zone in which the cluster is located or \&quot;Multiple\&quot; if the cache nodes are located in different Availability Zones. | [optional] [default to null]
**PreferredMaintenanceWindow** | [**String**](string.md) | Specifies the weekly time range during which maintenance on the cluster is performed. It is specified as a range in the format ddd:hh24:mi-ddd:hh24:mi (24H Clock UTC). The minimum maintenance window is a 60 minute period.  Valid values for ddd are:     * sun     * mon     * tue     * wed     * thu     * fri     * sat  Example: sun:23:00-mon:01:30 | [optional] [default to null]
**PreferredOutpostArn** | [**String**](string.md) | The outpost ARN in which the cache cluster is created. | [optional] [default to null]
**ReplicationGroupId** | [**String**](string.md) | The replication group to which this cluster belongs. If this field is empty, the cluster is not associated with any replication group. | [optional] [default to null]
**ReplicationGroupLogDeliveryEnabled** | [**Boolean**](boolean.md) | A boolean value indicating whether log delivery is enabled for the replication group. | [optional] [default to null]
**SecurityGroups** | [**List**](elasticache.SecurityGroupMembership.md) | A list of VPC Security Groups associated with the cluster. | [optional] [default to null]
**SnapshotRetentionLimit** | [**Integer**](integer.md) | The number of days for which ElastiCache retains automatic cluster snapshots before deleting them. For example, if you set SnapshotRetentionLimit to 5, a snapshot that was taken today is retained for 5 days before being deleted.  If the value of SnapshotRetentionLimit is set to zero (0), backups are turned off. | [optional] [default to null]
**SnapshotWindow** | [**String**](string.md) | The daily time range (in UTC) during which ElastiCache begins taking a daily snapshot of your cluster.  Example: 05:00-09:00 | [optional] [default to null]
**TransitEncryptionEnabled** | [**Boolean**](boolean.md) | A flag that enables in-transit encryption when set to true.  You cannot modify the value of TransitEncryptionEnabled after the cluster is created. To enable in-transit encryption on a cluster you must set TransitEncryptionEnabled to true when you create a cluster.  Required: Only available when creating a replication group in an Amazon VPC using redis version 3.2.6, 4.x or later.  Default: false | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

